there's a new simple way to find
backlinks and i'm going to teach it to
you in less than five minutes hey
everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
going to break down how to find the
easiest opportunities for link building
in less than three minutes
three minutes you're like neil this is a
really short video well it's short
because there's not much to it and if
you do this you'll do well but before i
dive in make sure you subscribe to this
channel and if you're on youtube click
the alert notification
so out of curiosity how many of you use
uber says let me know in the comments
below
there's this new report on uberset that
makes backlinking super easy that's
called backlink
opportunities so if you go to uber
system you type in your url on the left
hand navigation you can click on
backlinks and then go to backlink
opportunities
and what this report does is it shows
you all the people who link to your
competitors that don't link to you so
you would want to put in your url and
put in up to three of your competitors
if you don't know who your competitors
are google for any of the terms that you
rank for and you'll see your competitors
and add those urls to the uber says
backlink opportunity report if that
doesn't work for you and uber suggests
there's a competitor's report put in
your url and i'll show you all the other
people who rank for similar keywords to
you or the same exact keywords to you
those are also competitors and you can
use that to put them into backlink
opportunities
so in the backlink opportunities report
this shows you who links to your
competitors that doesn't link to you
if someone links to three four or five
of your competitors
the chances are they're willing to link
to you too
they don't have any bias towards one of
your competitors they're linked to
multiple of them so they like them all
and if they like them all and you hit
them up and ask for a link the chances
are they'll link to you as well that's
why i love this report
now you can't just hit them up be like
hey you link to four or five of my
competitors link to me as well people
are gonna ignore you but
look at why they're linking to your
competitors because that backlink
opportunities report will show you the
exact page you're linking to and if you
see the type of content they're linking
to go and create better content than
that
write that seriously make it better than
your competitors make it more in-depth
make it sure it solves all problems have
step-by-step instructions maybe animated
gifs helping explain that maybe
infographics even maybe even add in some
videos and assuming the experience is
better and you're just not creating long
content for the sake of it
you can hit that side up and show them
how your con is better than the
competition explain to them how it's
going to benefit their readers more
and ask them for a backlink and the
chances are they'll be willing to link
to you assuming your content's better
that's it that's all you need to do and
if you do that at scale and you do that
within your niche you'll generate more
backlinks in your competition if you
want my team to just do this for you
check out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it it's
short but that's a cool thing it's one
of the shortest seo videos i've ever
made but it drives results and i didn't
want to go on for 10 minutes rambling
when you can just get this done in less
than a few minutes of course it'll take
you more time to write the content but
you'll have the opportunities right in
front of you thanks for watching